
# Progess

The yelp api as I had hoped to retrieve data from turned out to be not very useful. The Api only returned 3 reviews per business, of which were not completed.
However there is an alternative, the yelp dataset provided by Yelp itself, that contains over 3 million reviews. That is more that enough for me to perform my training for
the indiviual businesses that we are going to generate text from. In the previous blog post, I mentioned something about LDR, however due to time constraints I have decided not
to take that approach and to instead use word embeddings to let the AI learn contextual representations. 

## Research paper

I have found a new research paper as well, which utilizes CNN. 
A 1D network to process text and the LSTM next in the line to process the so called "Chunks" instead of textual sequnences.


## Training
Training the model on fake reviews made me realised that model tuning is a very much needed thing to do.
This is due to the fact that my model is overfitting, which means that during training it performs very well, however
during testing it fairs poorly. There are some methods to combat this, 1. is to introduce more data, 2. Is to add dropout layers or 
regularization. My data for now for fake reviews only consists of around 72 000 reviews, 36 000 which are true and the other half, fake.
I am quite new to model tuning so this is quite interesting as how people came up with solutions to solve these kind of problems.


## Analysis
So far my validation accuracy has been fluctuating by a great deal. Im not so sure as to why. More research is needed.
1 possible solution is to artificially increase the data so that it is not uneven, by adding some noise. Either that or
to do data augmentation by adding synonyms along with word embedding so that we can "increase our data".

## Update
Increasing the batch size seems to provide better performance. Shuffling the data with pandas may seem to help as well.
Shuffing did help, validation accuracy went from around 0.012.. to around 0.7 validation accuracy. That is a huge jump in
performance. 


## End
That is all for this week, see you next time!














# End 
That's all for this week, see you next week!
