# Final Post

P2 ended about 2 days ago, I must say it was an enriching experiance. This is due to all of the new and exciting 
technologies that I have learnt which are being used in many software applications. Some such technologies are docker, NLP and deep learning. Demo day
was fun, explaining to people how our application and AI works and see them going suprised that such technologies exist. 


# What I have learnt

What I learnt was how to effective plan and strategize in preparing and planning out a project. Communication
between team members and new technology. I must say that our project was a success due to us not only being able to
complete the intended requirements, but to also brainstorm and add new features useful towards our application. 

# What I did in this project

So to recap, what I did in this project was the AI. The AI is able to process millions of reviews and generate a summarized
review. The AI can also identify and pinpoint negative and positive features of a product, and also able to determine
if a review is true/false based on features of fake reviews which it learnt during the training process. To be able to train the AI, a linux environment with anaconda was needed to be set up. As it is much easier to train
there than on a windows environment. Version control, which is critical so that everything does not break in the next software update, is easier in linux as well. 

I also developed an API to be deployed in google cloud, so that our main application can send information and receive
the AI predicted responses. This was done so that we do not overload the application with requirements. 


# The end

That's all for Portfolio 2! See you in future projects! 
